go figure stop he only had the 199th
overall pick of that DNA get this your l
PO Ole Miss a defensive tackle is now a
member of the game city chiefs of me in
the Brady pick at the forever be known
199th overall from now on and this is a
good picture then they need a nose
tackle on Kansas City the basis to the
three four this gives a 330-pound game
with some movements killed if you don't
often get with the guy that side why
body style versus the one I'd like his
effort and talk this however while I
don't like long take he's on the ground
a little bit too much he no ideas
sometimes a ball location he's got to
keep his head up and I think a lot of
that just big we're all coach me see it
gone like that 330 pounds big bubble
butt can move a little bit you want to
believe you can get it done but it does
it's amazing i play d tackle look
and you know the part that I enjoyed
watching it a position more than any his
d-tackle play when it's played the right
way and those guys with those bodies
that have that power you see the way
they're able to fight through double
teams it's just a you can flip price on
that they can make a deep such a lot
better at earth into the eight games
that the Kansas City Chiefs have amassed
over the first six rounds of this can I
felt craft that is now 200 pics in it
reached the 200 sound like that's an
intriguing that draft is intriguing to
me you're going to get a story eggs
receiver that's going to make plays
because I like weight speed Rodney
Hudson is going to start if not its
center while the guard spots Houston it
barely upgrade the lettuce ISM inside
Ricky Stanzi is a quarter back to the
future Terrell Powell has a chance to
get snaps in a situational basis as a
known sample so what you see there is
both production immediately from starter
plus steps at the quarterback position I
kind of like that dress yeah I like it
too and something you said
about it intrigued me like that now
they're trusting their locker room
they're trusting their system remember
they had to get Dwayne Bowe motivated
they got him got that done he ends up
going to the
todd haley scott purely
running the defense motivate Justin
Houston
that would be a big get for them it is
far